`from_xrpl` should not accept snake_case dict keys (#694)
XRPLF/xrpl-py: CHANGELOG.md

## [[Unreleased]]
- Included `ctid` field in the `tx` request.

> - `from_xrpl` method accepts input dictionary keys exclusively in the PascalCase/camelCase format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `from_xrpl` method accepts input dictionary keys exclusively in the proper XRPL format.
```
